New formatting annotations (Fix Issue #154) (#155)
eclipse/microprofile-graphql: spec/src/main/asciidoc/entities.asciidoc

==== Numbers
All number scalars (Int, Double, Float, Short, Long, Byte, BigInteger and BigDecimal) can be formatted

> using the `@NumberFormat` or alternativly the JSON-B annotation `@JsonbNumberFormat` (except that `@JsonbNumberFormat` is not valid on `TYPE_USE`)

Reviewer: Should we mention a priority in the event that a field/method/parameter/etc. is annotated with both `@NumberFormat(XYZ)` and `@JsonbNumberFormat(ABC)`?  In that case, I think that the `@NumberFormat` from MP GraphQL should win, but we might need to specify it here.  And maybe add a TCK test for it too?

Author: Good point. Done

}
----

List example:
[source,java,numbered]
----
@Mutation
public SuperHero trackHeroLongLat(@Name("name") String name,
                                 @Name("coordinates") List<List<@NumberFormat("00.0000000 'longlat'") BigDecimal>> coordinates) throws UnknownHeroException {
    // Here add the tracking
    return superHero;
}

==== Dates
By default the date related scalars (DateTime, Date, and Time) will use a ISO format.

- `yyyy-MM-dd\'T\'HH:mm:ss\'Z'` for DateTime
- `yyyy-MM-dd` for Date
- `HH:mm:ss` for Time 

By adding the `@DateFormat` annotation, or alternatively JSON-B annotation `@JsonbDateFormat`, a user can change the format. However, `@JsonbDateFormat` does not 

> support usage on `TYPE_USE`

Reviewer: Same comment as above - we may need to specify a priority in case both annotations are used.

Even though `@Name` is not required on an input argument for a `@Query` or `@Mutation`, it is strongly recommended
as it is the only guaranteed portable way to ensure the argument names.

> If a user compiles with `-parameters` option, then the implementation should use the Java parameter names as the schema argument names. (If no `@Name` is provided)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no name is provided using the `@Name` annotation and the user compiled the application class with the `-parameters` option, then the implementation should use the Java parameter names as the schema argument names.
```

suggested change to wording.

  # ...
----

> If the `@Name` annotation is not present, and the user did not compile with the `-parameters` option, arguments will get generic names like `arg0`, `arg1` and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `@Name` annotation is not present, and the user did not compile with the `-parameters` option, the generated schema will use generic argument names like `arg0`, `arg1` and so on.
```

suggested change to wording.
